so today we're gonna be doing a discard
skill game challenge against way if you
haven't seen this channel before be sure
to check it out a link is down below
another script Sean and we're gonna be
discarding striker Oliver no shit now
I'm not the best a fever this year's of
skill games probably and they're going
to be my thing but if you want to see
more skill game challenges be sure to
smash delighted we need two thousand
lights and let me know in the comments
section what challenge you would like to
see next against what youtuber as well
i'll see if i can get that arranged i'm
yeah but that's pretty much like what
we're going to be doing today we're
going to be doing a little triathlon so
we're gonna play three skill games
bronze free-kick silver free kicks and
silver advanced shooting and then the
winner of the three so whoever
accumulates the most points over the
course of the next what over the course
of the three games wins essentially so
it should be exciting it should be fun
let's jump into this I'm going well I
for I was gonna say let's just jump into
the video Jesus Christ all right are you
on your screen yeah I can you 3 2 to 11
go fuck ok I mean what I'm in all right
let's go come on Suarez up a tear this
shit up I'll be kind of shut up all
twice I mean first try gallon first try
all right Chris might nail the target
hey yes I hit the target hit the target
ok we're gonna hear oh god I've got it
no one missed avoirdupois see I've got
2814 how many do you 5,000 oh yes I hey
I'm on 4159 oh i just finished mine I
just finish line with three attempts
left yeah I've got uh I'm not gonna say
yet I killed I'm gonna say yeah one left
to hit I've got one left to hear love it
all I got to say ok I remember you're
serving oh my god I missed its I'm so
close oh my how many how many points ah
5490 that's a horrible yeah well how
many of you got 15,000
that's good yeah cuz you got the bonuses
all right so fifteen thousand twelve
thousand alright so the race is closed
holy shit you can have to close some
ground though oh go fuck okay which one
is this i forgot what all this one's
crazy this is the hardest one yeah this
one is hard the only shot i get naha
right fuck ah come on Suarez not funny
yeah my boy I got what I can one as well
shit how do it how do I hit this one oh
come on how do we hit this one you call
suarra I didn't yes I came three in a
row fuck I don't even know how I hit
that one sorry Colin come on oh oh my
god I miss I miss how many attempts do
you have left I've got four I've got
four as well how many of you hit well I
can tell you how many points I how many
points you have 6000 I've got 6870 oh
I'm so good ah ok right I can do this
pop top corner Suarez boom there we go
chop owner yes fuck are you on the next
once my last attempt I have to hit this
cool new york wonders on your disposal
no I've got enough way don't know I've
got one more yeah I've got one more as
well let's go yes I got it right Joe
7700 tallied up I ha ah shit my god you
get in full hunt wait hold on let's see
what I got in total I got eight thousand
four hundred and sixty-seven oh my god
all right I got 7700 so you got like you
got it you got a thousand more on me on
that one shit alright one more to go
okay ah this is the decide I'm actually
getting all right on the right so okay
so you need two thousand more points
than me in this one I can do it in order
yeah I do this is fucking crazy this is
this is honestly the one that can go
either way because there's a keeper
involved in this one so we're getting
fuck and get into it are you ready dude
yeah how the gotta 332 on one gun go
fuck oh no II oh darling what was that
they're all wait you have messy not
house Huawei's no no no hold on i think
i might have the wrong guy no I have the
right guy
oh come on wait so what do I hope you do
too i just have someone here i think
what we do yes wait if you i think if
you one touch it if you if you hit it
the first time it counts for a lot more
okay I'm how many points do you have
fuck i'm getting a call yeah I'm 0 I've
0 ah alright I just hit the fucking
roast Oh what the back home wiggler I'm
gonna do this I'm gonna do who's calling
me do they not know right now that I'm
in a fight I can do wait up how many
points you have seven thousand oh I'm
gonna do right 82,000 right now you're
now turning it up I've got i won over
500,000 count for anything really does
let's go all right Suarez finds it oh my
god hmm oh we can see this so I'm gonna
do this so I'm coming for you I've hit
the post place I'm coming fees during
the potion count for something man
finding a potion for how many encounters
Butler I only have seven I thought and
there's only a few bottle left oh my god
I got another one I got 10,000 points
you're gonna beat me oh my god no less
for this one wait unless unless oh let's
go chipped it all fuck don't do this to
me dude narela I can't win how many wait
I got one devoid more time one more time
fucking saved it how many points 12,000
Casillas is saving fucking everything up
nothing Casillas looking cherish Magna
saving everything who is that a net shit
haha wait right now I've got two more
attempts how many do you have 12,000 are
you done yeah oh my god I've got one for
a temp I've got 9800 I think you would
have if I don't get this all too long no
I walked out of bounds fuck it wait hold
on what is the points I got 12,000 and
70 12,000 70 10-11 you beat me you like
what I fuck hard
yes oh but my phone is ringing a long
there we go fucking1 wait 9.8 k wait so
uh what did you get have any pocket what
for this one yeah twelve twelve thousand
and seventy you want you want by a
thousand yes fuck that was so you won by
a fucking thousand gun heaven shit oh
thank god for that God chillin dude all
right don't have to go what do I have to
go do I have to go discard or it an
Oliver yeah you have to just not wanna
buy yeah alright so now I'll go to that
screen and then you can hear me discard
them okay can I just show you I can I
just play the skill game again whilst
I'm we yeah why not dude you you're not
how you discard anything you can do it
only one I just called a bicycle kick
luck dude that was so close I'm gonna
try and find the cheapest one alright
391 god David we got four hundred
seventy dot now I gotta just good oh my
god Jodi thing is this time round I've
only managed to school to fuck all right
here we go discarded look I got 10,000
God and I got 10,000 points for that
shit